hey kids it's story time and that means
I'm gonna tell you a very exciting story
again this time I'm gonna tell you a
story about the herring and the crab
once upon a time there lived a heron
that lived beside a big pond in a forest
he enjoyed eating fish and other
creatures from this very pond but the
years flew by and the Heron became old
and feeble and could no longer search
for food for himself he had to find
another way to get his daily food one
fine day the Heron stood in the middle
of the pond on one leg he led all the
frogs and the fishes passed by unhurt
this surprised every creature in the
pond the crab was very curious about why
this is happening so he went to the
Heron and asked him what's the matter
uncle why haven't you caught a single
fish today times are not what they used
to be my child replied the Heron I heard
that they are converting the pond and
filling it up and making it a farm that
means that everybody in the pond will
die oh no exclaimed the crab I must go
and warn the other creatures so the crab
quickly went underwater and warned every
creature in the pond the herring was
very pleased in amused at himself when
he saw that little crab skittering about
and warning everyone about their do this
news spread across the pond and
everybody was frightened so they all
went to the Heron and begged him to
rescue them oh please hadn't please save
us please save us do you see all the
fish begging the Heron to help them
let's see what happens the cunning heron
looked down upon them very thoughtfully
and said I know how I can save you if
you're willing of course there's this
big pond on the other side not too far
away from here and all the other fish
not knowing what to do and scared out of
their wit's crowded around the head and
saying please pick me pick me pick me
please
very pleased who hadn't applied I am old
and feeble and I can carry only one of
you at a time the helpless fish agreed
and then the Heron started carrying away
one fish at a time
do you see the hair in there he looks
pretty happy doesn't he do you think
that the Heron is taking those fishes to
the pawn that he promised them to I
don't know let's wait and see oh no that
doesn't look like a pawn
does it the Heron did not keep up his
promise and take the fishes to the pond
instead he put them out on this big rock
and he sat there and eat them the crab
began to get suspicious of the Heron and
so he observed the heaven one day the
crab went to the headland said Oh uncle
please help me you've been helping all
these fishes for so long now it's my
turn
please please help me a poor crab the
Heron was very pleased with this idea
and thought it was time for him to try a
different flesh so he picked up this
crab in his beak and flew away as the
Heron kept flying the crab looked down
on the rock and saw a pile of bones he
immediately knew that these were the
bones of the fish that the Heron had
taken from the pond crab was frightened
but he gathered up his courage and asked
the Heron Oh uncle how much father is
this pawn that you talked about and then
the Heron replied with a laugh saying
what pond there is no pond get ready to
die the crab was very clever
he used his claws and grabbed the herons
neck and dug it into his flesh the Heron
screamed and tried to get out of his
clutches but it rain soon they tumbled
down to the ground and finally the Heron
died the clever crab dragged the dead
Heron back to the pond and told all the
other creatures about his cruel betrayal
and that's when all the creatures stank
the crab for saving their lives the crab
said I hope you have learned your lesson
from this incident one must always
remember that a sweet tongue can
sometimes beat this
and that brings us to the end of this
story did you like this story what did
you learn from this story that you
cannot simply trust what everyone says
you have to remember that Trust has to
be vested in those who are worthy of it
do you know how to get a stable supply
of stories click on the subscribe button
and subscribe to oppose series until
then take care kids bye bye